1. What makes a model "linear"? "Linear" in what?

    A model is linear if there is a linear, straight-line relationship between X and Y.
    It is linear in both the parameters and the predictor variable. None of
    the parameters appear in exponential form or are ever multiplied by/divided by
    another parameter. This includes the predictor variable, the X only ever appears
    to the first power.

2. How do you interpret the coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable? 
   (This is a trick question, and the trick involves how you handle the intercept of 
   the model.) There's further explanation at the end of this document, if needed.

    If you do not include the intercept in your model, the coefficient of each dummy/one-hot-encoded
    variable is the mean value of the target variable for that group. We found this in section q1,
    question 1.
    If you include the intercept in your model, the intercept will be the mean of the target
    variable for the reference group (the dummy variable that was dropped when we code
    drop_first = True in the original pd.get_dummies). Then, the coefficients of each dummy
    variable after that will be the difference between their sample mean of the target variable and
    the sample mean of the reference group (which is the intercept!). We found this relationship 
    to be true in section q1, question 2.

3. Can linear regression be used for classification? Explain why, or why not.

    In some cases, linear regression can be used for classification (as seen in my model for
    section q3), but it is generally not the best practice. Linear regression assumes a continuous
    relationship between X and Y, and classification problems, especially binary ones, violate
    that assumption. In these cases, General Linear Models (GLMs) should be used instead, 
    which could include models such as logistic regression!

4. If you have a high accuracy on training but low on testing, what might be the problem? It also 
   might be you see a pattern in the residuals. 

    If you have a high accuracy on the training data and a low accuracy on the testing data, this
    could mean that your model is overfit to the training data. This means that it is extremely 
    good at predicting on the training data, but it fails to generalize these predictions to 
    previously unseen data, or the test data in this case. If this happens, we would see a 
    pattern in the residual plot for the test data predictions. Ideally, we would have complete
    randomness, but if you see a pattern, it means that your model has some built in bias.

5. Review the linked page. What are two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships between 
   your target/response/dependent/outcome variable y and your features/control/response/independent 
   variables x?

    You can incorporate nonlinear relationships between x and y by choosing a model that
    accomodates these relationships, such as the decision tree regressor shown in the textbook.
    Or, you could modify the data itself! You can do this by using scikitlearn's PolynomialFeatures
    to create new features from the existing ones, or you could utilize data transformations such
    as log or arcsinh transformations.

6. What is the interpretation of the intercept? A slope coefficient for a variable? 
   The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable?

    The intercept of a model is the value of the target variable (y) when the predictor variable
    (x) is equal to zero. The slope coefficient for a variable represents the additional gains
    in y as x moves forward 1 unit. The coefficient of a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable is just 
    the mean of the target variable for that group.